something's not right so does that right
something's not right I'm gonna jinx it
by saying you're not going to cost you
some cool
what I fetch new mini dirt we're out
better control oh brother yeah holborn
fool you obviously you don't use your
rotor that much no I actually I fly more
rather than in there nuns oh now I'm
trying to come around like what the
is going on now full that he did yeah
that works
Oh
my little dog but yeah
why she told me
I play the odds man I play the odds you
coming in Steve I can call me so well
today we're just going to touch a ghost
beautiful I can't stay in here
low enough that's low enough
and in the other day
you
you hear it father screaming no not
again Steve stop this crazy thing
looks pretty good so far steve-o outside
outside loop Steve oh that's regular
loot man
there we go
I turns it turns oh nice yeah oh I hear
those sticks slapping
twisting
i'll call this video fun with steve 12
fine I'm wish d12 killa cam
I was wondering what was going on who's
getting bigger in the screen what's good
iced teas touch and go boom
now come on come on come on boy I
skaters touch the wheels and go
it's just harrier din then beautiful yes
you could do it no you could do it do it
had you had it in you yeah it's pretty
cool
ah here the stick slapping yeah stop
stop stop stop
all right dustbin full right Cisco
well I didn't do it
thing floats pretty good on Steve
well you kind of crosswind ish well you
get a high rates man put on low rates
come to the dustbin
as I like to call it
it spicy
although I Mike 0 0 0 mise look out ma
she's back it up
you comin in Steve I when you water
first oh good shot good good hey Steve
343 baby hey any last words of wisdom
for the YouTube crowd out there fun with
Steve 12 and we're out